speaking of killers and shooters the
batman shooter now is being accused of
staying that his therapist to
brainwashed him to commit that crime in
the aurora colorado
nobody ever
this is
kind of a controversial we're thinking
we need to kind of a value would that be
information here
there was a drug abusing inmate who
spent some time neared james holmes in
itself
his name is stephen under our
and he spoke with the denver westward
and said that here for our conversation
with james holmes in jail on july
twentieth
after he was brought in for allegedly
killing the twelve people and shooting
fifty-eight others
they were in different cells
but unrest says that he heard homes
slamming himself into the wall and that
by yelling he was able to have this
conversation with homes and he alleges
that home said
mike there are pissed brainwashed me and
program to me te execute this killing
also saying that home said i felt like i
was in a video game when he was carrying
out these attacks of shooting uh... all
of these people in the movie theater now
it doesn't appear that this is
necessarily reliable testimony from
mister conrad because
police indicate that
the layout would not allow for this for
our conversation the even take place the
layout of the prison where the jail
where they were being held
uh... so it's a we had some question
here have to say
a story told to us by a drug addict
criminal reporting what a psychotic
individual told him may not be that
reliable i mean do you do we really need
uh... an investigation to figure that
out
if the
if if it were me making a decision
as to whether if you throw this out or
not
it would be thrown out certainly adam
believe the bid anybody suggesting that
this committee testimony of any kind of
just being discussed
so uh... that that's what we're hearing
now let's just evaluated at face value
for a second
do but you any of us believe the idea
that
if they would even be possible for
thirty the program this man to kill
maybe that's not the right word i mean
certainly people have influence over
others but how do you gonna react to a
claim like that two cents completely
absurd
that's not what do you think
another manchurian candidate
uh... i don't know i don't know if it's
really possible certainly uh... someone
who's uh... mentally unwell is probably
more susceptible
to uh... suggestions like something like
this if it happened but i don't know if
they really by well i mean we do know
that
you can
program someone to kill
it usually starts getting them in a very
young age and then they end up with a
bomb shelter themselves that uh...
additives are in uh...
in kabul
uh... and then boom so we can happen but
this doesn't sound unlikely that their
peers who just sign a few times in
college would be able to program and
that way
yeah interesting
within today
we're doing the bones show by know that
we may not mention this off and some
people might not know the list that we
have a bunch of but there is a bonus
shelled it was hosted
and bill we discussed a bunch of great
stuff on a table talk about something
email chaos going on at n_y_u_
we'll talk about dot newly confirmed
effects of chemotherapy on the brain and
a lot of talk about some death sentences
over that
muslim bill
what type of at that point in more
staging david and michelle
bandied impact with dot com